all right this is a video to escape from
the catacombs the bridge is flipped so
you won't be able to cross it but
there's a alternate route to take and
we're going to show to you it right now
right you go back into room and there's
a secret chamber you smash it open and
you enter it you can fall down and it
will be a few skeletons here two archers
and a very big skeleton you walk to here
and make sure don't miss it here and
you're right you can enter you'll find
the Pyromancer there and if you kill
them you can finally kill all the
enormous skeletons you go up
and help again
and here's Pyromancer now you take the
letter do your right
and you just keep following apart grab
this miracle and fall through the floor
and now you should be back in an area
you start to recognize instead of the
desperation you might have had before a
lot of people consider starting over and
are unable to escape the categories but
there's no glitch there's no there's not
a flaw in the game you can't escape and
this is the route to do it as you can
see finally make some progress out of
this hell and that's great because if
this guy would have had a flaw I would
really have regretted it and it would
have meant that you can't usually bomb
fires in catacombs or the failure to
giants I believe to multi joins
and from here you should be able to make
your way home finally